Now we're to the on-site portion,
the part where we all think
all of the interviewing lies.
And a lot of it does,
cuz this is the final step.
Usually it's the on-site, and
then you either pass or you fail.
You get an offer or you don't.
And this is the part where
everybody has anxiety.
So we're gonna cover a lot
of JavaScript questions.
We're gonna cover JavaScript fundamentals,
things that are relevant.
But we're also gonna cover as
the interviewer, what am I looking for
when I ask this question?
What does it tell me about
their engineering background?
What does it tell me
about their skill set?
What does it tell about how they think?
And as the candidate,
you're trying to give the best showing.
Cuz as my friend Brian Holt once said,
when you get this far into the company,
they wanna hire you.
They obviously need a talented engineer.
So they're really just looking for
a reason not to hire you and
don't give them the reason.
Remember, think out loud,
solve the problems, and write it all out.
But above all, practice doing this on
a piece of paper, not on a computer.
The on-site, the part you've all
been waiting for, it's writing,
depending on how confident
you feel in your skills.
Or how confident you feel in me
that I won't try to trick you.
Which is always tempting to trick people,
but I'm not going to today.
We're gonna cover about nine or
ten problems that I think represent
a good breadth of skills as a UI engineer,
as a JavaScript engineer.
They're not gonna be all encompassing,
I can't possibly answer and
ask every single question
you're ever gonna get.
But hopefully, when you have real
life interviews with real companies,
you'll see variations of these.
Or if you're only gonna see variations,
understand the skills of
what we're looking for here.
And understand these core concepts
that you should really know.